Update Details for Awesome (#16)
crypto-org-chain/awesome: README.md

## Block Explorers

- [Official Explorer](https://cronos-pos.org/explorer) | [Source](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-indexing)
- [Big Dipper](https://explorer.nebkas.ro) hosted by [[nebkas.ro]](https://nebkas.ro) | [Source](https://github.com/forbole/big-dipper)
- [LOOK](https://look.ping.pub/#/validator?chain=crypto-org-chain-mainnet-1)
- [CDOScan](https://cdoscan.com)
- [Yummy Explorer](https://explorer.yummy.capital/)

## Dashboards

- [SmartStake - Validator Historical Performance Analysis](https://cc.smartstake.io)
- [Defier - Validator Live Stats and Ranking](https://defier.net)

## Documentations

- [Official Documentations](https://docs.cronos-pos.org/) | [Source](https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/chain-docs)

## Disclaimer

> This is a community-driven repository. It does not reflect the views of Crypto.org. Under no circumstances will Crypto.org be liable for the impacts and losses created by using these projects.

Reviewer: Suggested edits:
```suggestion
This is a community-driven repository. It does not reflect the views of Cronos POS Chain. Under no circumstances will Cronos POS Chain be liable for the impacts and losses created by using these projects.
```
